# Progress Reports

This folder contains all progress reports and presentations produced throughout this thesis.

- RSMG 2 - Progress Report 1 (April 29, 2019): The original research proposal, focus was heavily of explainable agency for human-robot collaboration.
- RSMG 3 - Progress Report 2 - Original Thesis Proposal (December 20, 2019): The origianl thesis proposal. The proposed reasoning system was a simple ASP planner and diagnostic system that was designed to intrinsically support explanation generation using a state and plan representation over multiple levels of abstraction. The proposed test domain at the time was a hotel domain.
- RSMG 4 - Progress Report 3 - Final Thesis Proposal (June 23, 2020): The new thesis proposal. The proposed contribution was an ASP based online hierarchical refinement planner and diagnostic system (capable of plan repair), designed to handle multiple-robot and human-robot collaborative problems. The proposed test domains were the blocks-world-plus, a construction domain, and a dissassembly sequence planning domain (the latter two being human-robot collaborative domains).
- RSMG 5 - Progress Report 4 (December 8, 2020): Contains some initial experimental results and analysis of the first version of the system, which I called ASH - the Answer Set programming based Hierarchical planner. At the time, the system could generate plans online with one robot. Results were very promising, showing a exponential reduction in planning time over the classical ASP based planning technique.
- RSMG 6 - Progress Report 5 (April 26, 2021): The core theory the now named Hierarchical Conformance Refinement (HCR) planning approach had been completed, and a first draft of a paper presenting this theory and experimental tests validating the effectiveness of HCR was also presented. At this point, human-robot collaboration was dropped from the thesis and the test domains were reduced to just the Blocks-World-Plus (BWP) domain, to keep the scope managable.
- RSMG 7 - Progress Report 6 (November 5, 2021): This report finalised the motivations and contributions of the thesis, the thesis was posed as combining ASP with hierarchical refinement planning to overcome the core weakness of ASP planning in that it preforms poorly for problems with long minimal plan lengths by using hierarchical planning to enabled online problem division that could exponentially reduce execition latency and total planning times, leading to an exponential increase in the scaling of the proposed technique over existing classical ASP based planners. The complete theory and thesis content has now been written and decided upon, this included details of the fundamental reasoning problems of HCR planning and proposed techniques for overcoming them. A complete implementation of the HCR planner ASH had now been finished and experiments were setup but had not yet been ran.
